[KAZUMA]
There and... boom.
[crackling]
Create Water!
[chuckles]
[gulping]
[sighs]
Well, that's not bad
for a basic trick.
Now that I got a skill,
I feel like more
of an adventurer!
[DARKNESS] Kazuma!
-Uh...
I had my armor repaired
with the bounty I received
from the cabbage harvest!
Does it not look brilliant?!
What do you think?
It looks like the kinda junk
a spoiled-ass son
of an aristocrat would wear.
Oh, honestly,
would it hurt you
to pay a lady a compliment
every now and again?
You're so rough.
You never show me any mercy.
Sorry, this other weirdo's
distracting me.
If someone doesn't
stop her in a sec,
she's gonna out-perv you.
I love you, Manatite staff,
with your throbbing
magical power!
[moaning]
[AQUA]
That's all?!
What are you trying
to pull here?!
I caught a ton of cabbages,
and that's all
you're offering?!
-Well, actually...
-Go on!
I checked your haul,
but I'm afraid
most of what you caught
was actually lettuce.
Well, why is there lettuce
mixed in with all my cabbages!
True, lettuce does have
a low redemption value.
You learn something new
every day, huh.
That's how hard!
[grunts]
[KAZUMA] And here she comes.
This should be fun.
Oh, Kazuma!
[giggles]
How much did you get
from the last quest?
Do tell!
Oh, about a million.
[WOMEN gasp]
[KAZUMA]
It's true.
Thanks to that "Cabbage Quest"
they sprung on us,
I suddenly found myself rich.
[ALL]
One million?!
[KAZUMA]
Yup, that's what I said.
I guess I snagged
a bunch of cabbages
with high XP.
Having high luck makes
a difference, yo!
[giggles]
Um, Kazuma,
I've been meaning
to tell you for a while,
but I think you're...
..."cool," yeah,
that's the word! "Cool"!
God, would you stop trying
to butter me up,
just tell me what you want
and get it over with.
[whimpers]
I need some money!
I thought I'd get a bigger
reward after our quest,
but I didn't
and I owe those guys,
but I don't have any money
and I don't know what to do!
I thought I'd be rich
by now,
so I racked up a bar tab
of a hundred thousand eris
and now I have to pay up!
That ain't my problem!
You're the one who said
we should keep
our hauls separate
instead of combining them!
But I only said that because
I thought I'd make
a killing off that quest!
-You greedy bitch!
-Please, please,
please lend me some money!
I just need enough
to pay my tab!
The answer's no, got it?!
I'm sick of sleeping
in that stable,
so I'm gonna use my cash
to buy a place of my own!
A young man like you should have
a place of his own.
But I'll miss hearing you
rustle around next to me,
breathing heavy,
moaning like you have
a stomachache and then--
Alright, I got it,
you win, you win!
I'll lend you the money,
just shut up!
[KAZUMA]
KonoSuba!
Kazuma, you are a true ally!
I'm so honored to be
in a party with you!
[giggling]
-Here you go, boys!
-Thanks, m'lady.
-Mmm!
-[KAZUMA] Damn her!
[cape flutters]
Kazuma looks like a real
adventurer now, don't you think?
Yeah, his tracksuit didn't go
with the fantasy world
vibe at all.
What fantasy world?
I got a new magic skill.
Sure it's basic,
but it's magic!
As for my outfit,
I call it
the "magical swordsman
without shield" look!
At least you don't look like
a creeper anymore.
Let's take our new gear
on a kill quest!
We should pick one with lots
of small-fry monsters,
so I can test out
the magic power
of my gorgeous new staff!
No, wait! We should go
after strong monsters!
Oh yes!
Massive and brutal!
No, we should all go on a quest
with a huge payout!
After paying my tab,
I need cash to buy a meal!
[KAZUMA]
They can't agree on anything!
Here's my two cents.
It's mating season
for the Giant Toads, right?
Well, I heard there's a bunch
of them just outside of town.
-No, not the frogs!
-No way, no frogs!
Hmm? Why not?
Well, they're still traumatized
after the last time
we fought 'em.
Remember when we met,
I told you
they got swallowed
and covered in frog slime?
[gasps]
I fail to see the problem!
How come?
Does that turn you on, too?
Of course not.
[AQUA] [crying]
KonoSuba!
[KAZUMA] Aw, man! There's hardly
any good quests on the board!
[DARKNESS] Kazuma, look!
We should do that one!
It's a quest to kill
a horrific beast
called Black Fang!
[KAZUMA]
Oh, hell no!
What's going on around here?
The only quests to choose from
are all super-hard.
I am sorry about that.
[ALL]
Huh?
Unfortunately, one of
the Devil King's top generals
took up residence
somewhere outside town.
-[KAZUMA] Huh?
- Because of that,
all the weaker monsters
in the area
have gone into hiding.
So there won't be
an easy quest for a while.
Crap.
[AQUA] Honestly, I don't care
if he is a top general.
If he's undead,
I could handle him easy!
I'll be damned if we're gonna
wait around here a month
till a bunch of knights
and badasses
come from the capital.
You know we're gonna run
out of money
before they get here.
Look at what I made!
Isn't it beautiful?
I think I could make
a fortune selling these!
[KAZUMA] Still waiting
to start my adventure here.
I know you like
to practice every day,
but can't you go by yourself?
If I did, I wouldn't have a ride
back after I fired my spell.
[KAZUMA]
Huh?
I can't move afterwards,
remember?
[KAZUMA]
Good point.
[sighs] Dammit.
I don't wanna get stuck
babysitting her every day.
Okay, get to practicing!
Hurry up and do your spell
and let's get back.
I can't do it here!
I have to get
further away from town.
Otherwise, the guards
will scold me again.
Hold on a sec.
What do you mean, "again"?
Have people been complaining
about the noise or something?
Mm-hmm.
Further away it is.
[MEGUMIN]
KonoSuba!
Look. An abandoned castle.
[KAZUMA]
Uh, it's kinda spooky.
[MEGUMIN] I know.
I'll use it for target practice!
No one will complain
if I destroy that!
[KAZUMA]
I guess not.
Oh, crimson blaze,
king of countless worlds.
Though I promote
the laws of nature,
I am also the alias
of destruction.
The balance for all creation.
Let the hammer of eternity
descend unto me!
Explosion!
[explosion booms]
[rumbling]
[MEGUMIN groans]
Burn to ash
in crimson flame.
[sighs]
That felt amazing!
[KAZUMA]
Weirdo.
Anyway, I suddenly had
a daily routine.
[AQUA]
Get your cabbage here!
It's super-fresh
and dirt cheap!
[KAZUMA]
Aqua was broke,
so she got herself
a part-time job.
[chuckles]
[KAZUMA] And Darkness went back
to her family home
to go do some
weight training.
Since Megumin didn't have
anything better to do,
she'd wanna go blast
that creepy castle every day...
-[MEGUMIN] Explosion!
-[KAZUMA] ...no matter what.
[explosion booms]
We'd go on cold,
rainy evenings.
[MEGUMIN]
...plosion!
[groans]
[KAZUMA]
And if it was sunny out,
we'd pack a lunch and go.
[MEGUMIN]
...sion!
[groans]
[KAZUMA] And sometimes,
we'd go early in the morning,
and make a game of it!
-[MEGUMIN] ...sion!
-[explosion booms]
[rumbling]
[groans]
I'd give it a... six?
Yesterday's was louder.
[groans]
-[MEGUMIN] Explosion!
-[KAZUMA] Every dang day,
Megumin pounded
that poor castle with her magic.
[explosion booms]
[rumbling]
[KAZUMA] And the more
explosions I saw,
the more I could tell
the difference...
[explosion booms]
...between an explosion
that was okay...
[explosion booms]
[KAZUMA] ...and one
that was awesome.
[tense breath]
Explosion!
[explosion booms]
[rumbling]
[groans]
Whoa! Today's was
the best one yet!
The boom had
a nice snap to it,
and I could feel the rumble
way down in my bones.
I also liked how the shockwave
gently brushed my skin
instead of hitting me
like a freight train.
Nice explosion!
[MEGUMIN] [strained voice]
Thank you, sir!
You finally understand
the path of explosions.
Well, then,
if you're interested,
I can teach you
everything I know.
Hmm. I think I'll take
a raincheck for now,
but I'd like to learn how
at some point in the future.
[MEGUMIN]
You won't regret it.
[BOTH laugh]
[sighs]
What future.
[cat meows]
-[AQUA] I'm back!
-Huh?
Look at this food!
There was a ton left over,
and they let me have it all.
Hope you're hungry!
[humming]
Hey, Aqua,
I've been thinking
about stuff.
[AQUA]
Hmm? What?
[KAZUMA] About how impossible
it's gonna be
for you and me
to take down the Devil King.
It's like I'm not some hero
in a fairy tale
with amazing powers
or anything.
I'm just a guy. We're way out
of our league here.
The truth is, the only thing
that can beat the Devil King
is a group with powerful skills
and equipment,
-and that ain't us.
-[AQUA sobbing]
Stop it!
I'll never get home
if you think like that!
Oh please. You're supposed
to be a goddess,
but you haven't acted like one
since we got here!
You should've helped me
or at least sealed
the Devil King
until I can face him.
But no!
You'd rather cry!
All you're good for
are cheap-ass party tricks!
[crying]
Why don't you make
yourself useful
and come up with an easy way
to make some money.
I'm sick of this stable.
And at some point,
it'd be great
if you could teach me
how to heal.
That's the only thing
you got going for you.
[AQUA]
No!
Anything but my healing magic!
There'd be no point
in having me around then!
Aren't I enough?!
Don't you need me?!
-[crying]
[KAZUMA/MEGUMIN sigh]
It looks like you've taken
your scolding to the next level.
Instead of unloading
on her like that,
you should try
to be more tactful.
Mm. Everyone needs
to vent some time.
If ever you feel
stressed again,
feel free to tear into me!
I wouldn't mind!
-Uh...
-[crying]
-You're so cruel!
-[KAZUMA] That faker!
Emergency! Emergency!
We need all adventurers
to arm themselves immediately!
Make your way
to the main gate
and prepare yourselves
for battle!
My god!
We're in for it now!
[lightning cracks]
What's this about?
What, are you blind?!
There's a nightmare
standing there!
I am one of
the Devil King's generals.
And I have been stationed
of late at a nearby castle.
Is that a Dullahan?
[gasps]
Every day,
every single day,
every bloody damn day,
one of you maniacs
comes to my home
and hurls
Explosion spells at it!
And I demand to know
who it is!
[horse neighs]
[lightning cracks]
[KAZUMA]
Oh goody.
We managed to piss off
one of
the Devil King's generals.
[lightning cracks]
Every day,
every single day,
every bloody damn day,
one of you maniacs hurls
Explosion spells at my home!
And I demand to know
who it is!
-[horse neighs]
-[lightning cracks]
Explosion spells?
Who uses Explosion spells
around here?
[ADVENTURER]
Yeah, who?
Gah!
[groans]
[ALL]
Uh?
[gasps]
Uhh. H-hold on!
Why is everyone looking at me?
I can't use Explosion magic!
I-I only just started
casting spells!
Please, you have to believe me!
I didn't do it!
I don't wanna die!
What'll happen
to my little brothers?!
Who'll take care of them?!
Megumin?
[DULLAHAN]
You?
[grunts]
You are the imbecile
who's been blasting
my castle day
after day after day?!
If you know who I am
and wish to pick a fight,
then have the decency
to announce yourself properly
before you attack!
Otherwise, keep well away
from my home, understand?!
Honestly, this harassment
is completely unwarranted!
I spared your town
thinking it wasn't
worth my time!
And how do you repay me?
With a boom, boom, boom,
every single goddam day!
You must be out
of your flipping mind,
you little wench!
I am Megumin!
I am an arch-wizard!
One who commands
Explosion magic!
[DULLAHAN]
What is a "Megumin"?
Are you pulling my leg?!
[MEGUMIN]
N-no!
I am of
the Crimson Demon Clan
and the greatest mage
in this whole town!
Yes, I knew you were one
of the Devil King's generals!
That's why I used Explosions
as a strategy to flush you out.
It seems my plan worked
and you've come alone,
like a fool.
[ALL gasp]
I'm not buying
her strategy story.
Her claim of being
the greatest mage here
is also quite dubious.
Shh! Keep your voices down,
she's on a roll!
She hasn't used her
Explosion spell yet today.
And with everyone
backing her up,
he'll think twice
before doing anything.
The best part's coming up,
so keep quiet and watch!
[DULLAHAN] [scoffs]
Very well.
I did not come here
to meddle with novices, anyway.
I shall be staying
at that castle indefinitely.
Do not use your spell
on it ever again.
Understood?
No! A Crimson Demon
must use Explosion
once a day,
or we'll die.
Wh-what?!
I never heard that before!
-[AQUA giggles]
-You just made that up!
I take it you intend to continue
bombarding my castle, then?
Mm-hmm.
[DULLAHAN]
I may be evil now,
but I was a knight once.
Killing the weak
never appealed to me,
till now.
[chuckles]
You, sir,
should have run away
when you had the chance.
M'lady!
Your assistance, please!
[gasps]
-Now what?
-I go to work, that's what.
Huh?!
I don't care if you are
the Devil King's general!
It was foolish to move
to this territory
while I'm living here!
Because of you,
I haven't had
any decent quests to go on!
And now I'm about
to correct that!
Well,
what do we have here?
An arch-priest?
I am one of
the Devil King's top generals.
And I can withstand
whatever spells
a low-level priest
from this town can conjure.
I know,
what say I make
that Crimson Demon whelp
suffer a bit?
[gasps]
Not if I purify you
with my prayer first!
[DULLAHAN]
You're too late!
I sentence thee to death.
In one week,
you shall die.
[DARKNESS grunting, screaming]
No! Darkness!
[grunting]
Dammit, he put
a death curse on her!
D-Darkness! Darkness!
Are you alright?!
[groans] It does not seem
to be serious.
[DULLAHAN] This unexpected
turn of events
might actually be
more preferable,
seeing as how close
the bonds are between you.
In one week,
you Crimson Demon child,
your crusader will die.
[chuckles]
Till then,
she will suffer
as she trembles in terror
of her impending doom.
And it is all your fault!
[gasps]
Yes.
Watch her suffer
for the next seven days
and boil in the hell
of your guilt!
[chuckles]
This would not have happened
had you accepted my offer.
[DARKNESS grunts]
[DARKNESS] You fiend.
You have chained
this diabolical
death curse to me.
And the only way to remove it
is to submit to your whims!
You wish to defile me,
don't you?!
What?
Uh, what in the hell
is she talking about?
I will not allow a mere curse
to break my spirit!
I cannot give in but--
-Wh-what shall I do, Kazuma?!
-[KAZUMA] How should I know?
[DARKNESS] I can feel
his filthy eyes on me.
Hungry! Wanting!
They are the eyes
of a degenerate,
one who would make
a sex slave of me!
And to break this foul curse,
I shall have
to submit my body
to all manner
of pornographic acts!
Over and over again!
[panting]
You may dominate my body
if you wish...
...but you will not dominate
my heart!
Can you imagine it?!
A female knight in chains,
made the plaything
of the Devil King's minion!
Oh, the horror!
-What should I do, Kazuma!
-[KAZUMA] Still don't know.
Who could have expected things
to become so risqué!
I do not want to go,
but... I have no choice!
I shall resist
as long as I can!
Do not try to save me!
I shall return some day!
You madwoman!
[KAZUMA]
You're not going anywhere!
And quit freakin' out
the Dullahan already!
[DARKNESS]
You mustn't stop me! Let me go!
-I have to go!
-[KAZUMA] So pathetic.
[DARKNESS]
KonoSuba!
A-anyway, no more
blowing up my home!
And as for you,
Crimson Demon girl,
if you wish to lift my curse
on your comrade,
come to my castle.
If you make it past my
undead knights to my chamber,
I shall spare her
But I promise you,
it will be very,
very difficult.
[sinister laughter]
Uh...
Hmm.
[KAZUMA]
Hey, where you going?
I'm going to the castle,
give that Dullahan a dose
of my Explosion spell
right in his face and lift
the curse from Darkness.
[nervous giggle]
[sighs]
[chuckles]
Well, I ain't
letting you go alone!
I don't want you wasting
your spell on one of his guards.
That'll be the end of you.
Besides, I was there
with you all those times
you blew up the castle.
I should have known
it belonged to someone.
F-fine. If you insist.
Although you heard
what he said
about the undead knights there.
Conventional weapons
won't affect them.
The only thing we have
that would is magic.
My magic.
[chuckles]
For once, you will have
to totally rely on me!
[chuckles]
-[DARKNESS] No.
-[MEGUMIN] Uh--
Do not risk your lives for me.
It is too dangerous!
Don't worry about it!
We'll figure something out
and lift that curse off you.
We ain't gonna let some old--
Sacred!
Dispel!
[energy pulsing]
[screaming]
[moaning]
[BOTH]
Huh?
[AQUA] For me, lifting some
old Dullahan's curse
is child's play!
See?
I can be awfully priest-ish
when I get the chance!
[ADVENTURERS cheering]
[AQUA giggling]
Oh, it was nothing!
[KAZUMA] Way to pop
our bubble, Aqua.
Megumin and I
were raring to go.
[AQUA] Hup!
[giggles]
Nature's Beauty of victory!
[ALL cheering]
[AQUA}
This is Aqua, the goddess,
with my progress report.
We ran into a teeny bit
of trouble,
but other than that,
things are going fine.
In fact, it's--